test: improve VRT developer experience (#653)
elastic/elastic-charts: wiki/testing.md

Each test with the specific timezone postfix will be executed only on that timezone.

These tests are not included in the code coverage yet.

## Storybook screenshot testing aka VRT

Every story in storybook is tested through a Visual Regression Test suite.
The tests are available in `integration/tests` folder. One main test `all.test.ts` goes through all stories, takes screenshots of each story
and compare it to the existing baseline available at `integration/test/__image_snapshots__`.

To run the suite
```
yarn test:integration
```

This will start a separate storybook server and a docker machine with chromium, controlled by pupetteer and jest, that takes and compare screeshots.

If the screenshot differ from the baseline, a test error is rised and a diff image is stored in `integration/test/__image_snapshots__/__diff_output__`.

If a new test is added, a new screenshot `.png` file is written as part of the baseline.

> To update the snapshots to the new version run:

Reviewer: Not that this really matters but I'd like to be consistent calling these screenshots and referring to snapshots as the actual jest dom snapshots.

If needed we could also change the output directory to `__screenshots__`.

```suggestion
To update all existing screenshot baselines to the new version run:
```
